Fix non-deterministic variant sorting (#14835)
tailwindlabs/tailwindcss: CHANGELOG.md

- Detect classes in new files when using `@tailwindcss/postcss` ([#14829](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14829))
- Fix crash when using `@source` containing `..` ([#14831](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14831))

> - Ensure utilities with variants are sorted deterministically ([#14835](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14835))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure instances of the same variant with different values are always sorted deterministically (e.g. `data-focus:flex` and `data-active:flex`) ([#14835](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/tailwindcss/pull/14835))
```
